docs/index.md, before:

## Purpose

Often one or more github repos and google docs repositories are used in a single github project.   For example:  Front end and back end.  In addition multiple public or private share for binary documents are also used.    This project will serves as a wrapper for both of those conepts as well as being a single repository for documentation.

This project uses mkdocs to provide an simple platform to generate html pages from markdown.   It can be hosted anywhere, includes special provisions for ghpages or can be run locally with ```mkdocs serve```

### Topcoder Theme
This repository uses a third party theme called [cinder](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/cinder).   However this theme has been forked and added the topcoder logo <img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/instapage-user-media/97c829ee/1997047-0-high-topcoder-horizo.png"  height="22px"/>.   It would be easy enough to include this forked code directly in the tcProjWrapper repo directly, except this project relies heavily on  submodule for src so we wanted to include the theme as a submodule too.  In addition the submodule could be forked or branched specifly to include a customers logo.

### Topcoder Docs
Since this project also contains content,  We can include standard docs like bug bash instructions.

### Deploying this template as a project
Once you clone this project with ```git clone --recursive git@github.com:topcoderinc/tcProjWrapper.git  myproject ``` you can then run ```sh bin/setup.sh``` and you will be prompted for the new project name.   This script will remove the git reference to this repo and do a fresh ```git init```
This file is the index.md in the docs directory.    Edit this file and describe the top level of your project. Also be sure to exit the mkdocs.yml file lines 9-11

```
9  - tcProjWrapper:
10    - 'This Project introduction': index.md
11    - mkdocs: mkDocsIndex.md
```

### Quick Start
 1. Make sure you have python2 and pip2 installed, then run ```pip2 install mkdocs``` to install mkdocs
 2. clone the template ``` git clone --recursive git@github.com:topcoderinc/tcProjWrapper.git  myproject ```
 3. cd ```myproject``` and run  ```mkdocs serve```
 4. You should also edit the mkdocs.yml and edit the sitename.   It might be a good idea to remove the .git dir and do a ```git init``` to orphan this template(repo) from your new wrapper project.

Commit message:

added sub modules and organization

docs/index.md, after:

## Project Description

The HP Data Quality team is tasked with moving large amounts of data on a regular basis.  They would like to development an Extract Transform and Load tool that allows them to move file and relational data on a regular basis and create a monitoring service which can display the status of the currently scheduled and recently completed jobs.  Often they are moving data between regular and HDFS file systems.

##[Live Wireframes](https://topcoderinc.github.io/HP-Data-Quality-ETL-Wireframes/#g=1&p=login)
##[Live Storyboards](https://topcoderinc.github.io/HP-Data-Quality-ETL-storyboards/)

## Challenge Index
| Type | title | direct |
|-----|-------|---------|
|Wireframe| [HP DATA QUALITY ETL APPLICATION WIREFRAME CHALLENGE ](https://www.topcoder.com/challenge-details/30055286/?type=design&noncache=true) | [direct link ](https://www.topcoder.com/direct/contest/detail.action?projectId=30055286)|
|Web Design| [HP DATA QUALITY ETL APPLICATION DESIGN CHALLENGE](https://www.topcoder.com/challenge-details/30055649/?type=design&noncache=true) | [direct link](https://www.topcoder.com/direct/contest/detail.action?projectId=30055649)
|Architecture|[HP DATA QUALITY ETL APP ARCHITECTURE CHALLENGE](https://www.topcoder.com/challenge-details/30056613/?type=develop&noncache=true)| [direct link](https://www.topcoder.com/direct/contest/detail.action?projectId=30056613)
|**Prototype**|[HP DATA QUALITY ETL APP UI PROTOTYPE CHALLENGE](https://www.topcoder.com/challenge-details/30056711/?type=develop&noncache=true)|[direct link](https://www.topcoder.com/direct/contest/detail.action?projectId=30056611)
